Call out performance comparison between Arm and x86 (#38)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: tutorial/installing-appliance.md

Installing the Anbox Cloud Appliance through the AWS Marketplace simplifies the installation and deployment process and allows billing to be handled directly through AWS.

> AWS supports running the Anbox Cloud Appliance the [AWS Graviton](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/graviton/) Arm-based or x86 instances. Before installing the appliance, decide which architecture you want to use. The appliance supports the same set of features on both architectures, but you should factor in the following aspects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS supports running the Anbox Cloud Appliance on the [AWS Graviton](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/graviton/) Arm-based instances or on x86 instances. Before installing the appliance, decide which architecture you want to use. The appliance supports the same set of features on both architectures, but you should factor in the following aspects:
```

> * Generally both AWS Graviton and x86 offer equal performance for Android applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* AWS Graviton (Arm) and x86 offer equal performance for Android applications.
```
